hey you guys so Lonnie you probably know
that most horror movies tend to be just
creepy and spooky enough to entertain us
for 90 minutes but there are a few
horror movies that are different and are
received as downright terrifying and
while I was growing up there was no
movie that fit this description better
than sinister in sinister an author
named Allison moves into a new house
only to set for an evil entity that
haunts him and his family he
investigates this being himself in order
to write a best-selling book about it
but ultimately fails and eventually dies
from the actions of the monster the
movies villain is so mysterious and
intriguing yet he only gets a minimal
amount of explanation during the film so
let's take a deeper look into the creepy
boogeyman from sinister as Ellison is
carrying boxes into the new house he
finds a mysterious box of videotapes and
out of curiosity plays them in them he
witnesses a bunch of violent snuff films
and right after this the entire family
slowly starts feeling the terror of this
being after experiencing some
unexplainable supernatural things
Ellison contacts a college professor who
knows all about these mythological and
religious characters and gives him the
information he has in order to learn
more about the powers that might be at
play and it's here that we get the first
real explanation of what is really going
on
the professor informs Allison about a
mythical entity called the ghoul in the
movie he appears as a humanoid figure
who has extremely pale skin and long
dark hair he has no mouth and no eyes
and long creepy fingers so what exactly
is he the ghoul is said to be the
brother of Moloch who is a deity that
some people in the real world believe in
and by looking at the incredibly evil
Moloch we can further understand the war
as the two have a lot of similar
characteristics it said that Moloch was
a very influential presence that would
often eagerly wait for the suffering of
people he would then seek to take
advantage of those people by helping
them out in the short term knowing that
in desperate times they will do extreme
things in exchange for his help whenever
there was a food shortage for example he
would promise people food but in return
demanded something very strange he
wanted the people to sacrifice children
to satisfy his own hunger the starving
people would then follow his demands for
his help
and this process of sacrificing children
always went down an extremely painful
way his cult following built these
statues of him which would function like
a furnace there would be a fireplace in
the bottom which heated the entire thing
then they would insert the unlucky
children into these slots where they
would slowly cook to death how is Google
connected to all of this well Google
would often imitate the rituals of his
brother to anger him this upset Mohawk
so much that he would eventually punish
his father by stuffing his mouth with
ash which would shut it for all eternity
this explains why burgle has no mouth
that never speaks in either of the two
films so beau Ghul much like his brother
can only survive by feasting on the
souls of kids unlike his brother however
he tricks children away from the real
world and lures them into his own realm
where he lives it's only there that he
can proceed to consume their souls over
a longer period of time and the
professor describes that bools realm is
inside the pictures that depict him so
he lives inside of the pictures and
videos that show himself but let's get
into the specifics of how he actually
gets the kids
the ghouls presence is initially limited
to the house where he was last active
there her spirit sits in the tapes which
lie inside the box then he patiently
waits until a new family with children
moves in from there just like with
Ellison one family member can find the
tapes and play them what they will find
in these videos is the footage of the
previous families being killed but the
far more important thing is that boo
ghoul can be seen in all of the tapes
and as the professor later describes
down listen when somebody sees a picture
or a film that depicts the war a gateway
is open for him to enter the real world
from their honor he will mercilessly
terrorize that person and their family
what will happen is he will either scare
you in personal or you will continuously
set up the tapes until they are burned
into your mind and this will slowly
drive people to the verge of insanity
young children however experience
something a little bit different because
what happens is that when new ghoul
comes into your world he doesn't come
alone but instead all his previous
victims come with him in the form of
ghosts these ghosts are only visible to
young kids and they play in a central
part in the process of capturing the
kids the ghosts are under his command
and it is their job to manipulate the
young
children and turn them evil they achieve
this by making them watch all of the
snuff films - this gets them more
comfortable with the idea of intense
violence after that the ghost slowly
manipulate the kids to become
increasingly violent themselves the
movie explains that young children are
especially susceptible to his methods of
manipulation meanwhile the rest of the
family will be terrorized by the
supernatural occurrences until they
decide to flee however what they don't
know is that boo boo lists on there and
once you have let him enter your life he
can travel with you wherever you go
and then when you're the new house the
final step of kgel's haunting takes
place the ghost children convinced the
kid that they have successfully
manipulated into killing their family
and drawing a big bull sign they also
want the kid to record everything with
his super 8 camera so the kids taking
out their family and drawing this symbol
is what completes a specific ritual that
allows and enables b'gawd to finally
kidnap the kids and take them into his
world this is seen at the end of
sinister as the wolf picks up a lock ad
after she completed the three steps and
walks into the movie that is playing
with her in his arms with the kid
trapped in his realm he can slowly
devour their souls which ensures his
survival he also makes sure that the kid
records everything because this adds to
his collection with an increasing amount
of pictures and videos of a mouth there
he has more portals to come into the
real world and repeat the same actions
again once everything is done the new
tape which has been filmed eyes ladies
victim is added to the box and is left
at the new house there boo boo awaits
for a new family with a child to move in
so that the whole process can repeat
itself over and over again so that
covers the abilities limitations and
methods of this movie villain who by the
way is entirely fictional and was made
up of the minds of the writers in my
opinion sinister is probably my all-time
favorite horror movie so far I thought
that it unlike some other still great
horror movies was just so much darker
and more mysterious which really made it
incredibly enjoyable that's it for today
guys I really hope you enjoyed it and I
hope I get to see you guys in the next
video thank you for watching